---
layout: post
title: "Encora Academy Week #30"
---

Ok, so this week's text is going to be different because this week has been quite unique. It won't involve almost any technical aspect but a lot of 'life' stuff I think.

Well, regarding the technical side I got to know the people who will be supporting me with my devOps learning journey. They were really supportive and talked to me about their respective journeys and the main topics that they found most useful for passing the interview with a client.

During this week I felt quite supported in a lot of situations, knowing this makes me be encouraged to take on new challenges. I also learned to handle new difficult situations where it is important that I am assertive and say no as many times as necessary if that is what I want, also being clear and direct about what I do not like and not feeling guilty about giving this type of feedback.

My main takeaway from this week is somewhat emotional, I don't know exactly how to call it. Some years ago I took a really difficult decision to quit the college major that I thought was the career of my life, something like that. I did it after running out of savings because of school material and noticing the narrow and precarious job market for that industry (art conservation) would not allow me to support my family as I needed to. It was a difficult and painful process, it involved letting go of some deeply held beliefs that I had. I was searching for something that would allow me to reach some level of economic stability while being at least somewhat stimulating and motivating to me. I ended up choosing geophysical engineering because at the moment it seemed like the closest option to what I was looking for. Long story short, I slowly realized that coding and the IT industry were actually a much nicer option so I gradually tried to take coding classes and opportunities at school. For so long I have felt so anxious about things not working out, about having no choice but to do some horrible low-paying or life-sucking entry level job (as some that I had done before), for example. That is why now I feel so blessed to have ended up in such an amazing community as Encora is, one that has supported me and believed in me since the first day that I logged into the company slack. This really is a milestone for me and I had not got to completely realized it until this week that I met everyone in person. And this is just the beginning.
